such gluten intolerance today or so many
people are just can't tolerate gluten
and it's not only in grains it's in many
other things and can you talk about that
a little and then expound on it from the
meat standpoint because it's a 1 beta
casein which almost reacts like gluten
or even worse so first talk about the
the gluten the comment radition aliy
what we know is gluten and then maybe
you could talk about the a1 a2 beta
casein yeah yeah I mean you know it's
most people know of it now just because
it's you know has so many symptoms and
effects even inability to lose weight
right not feeling well and three hours
after you eat you don't feel well well
what happens is so many Americans have
what we call leaky gut where their gut
is literally allowing undigested
proteins to cross over the gut and what
happens is your body starts making
antibodies to it it drives inflammation
if the cell right so you know it's a it
acts like a toxin right your own body
starts to create inflammation because of
it well I guess we need to back up and
say well why does so many people have a
leaky gut well again standard American
diet chemicals I mean all the things
we've been talking about that's driving
inflammation of the gut cells there's
something called tight junctions that
really make up your GI wall in these
tight junctions these proteins gluten
proteins can get down in there they
inflame them and then they leak across
even more allowing other proteins that
come across body's making antibodies to
it and making you not feel well ok so
when we get rid of gluten we can start
to diminish some of that inflammation
and tighten up these tight junctions
gluten is in most grains and like you
mentioned many products that we have
contain gluten even for just through
contamination and once your body becomes
sensitized to gluten it just takes small
amounts to drive the inflammation now I
do want to say this grains today there's
other problems with grains not just
gluten matter of fact GMO genetically
modified grains or
genetically modified organisms of GM
grains is you know most 90% of corn
soybeans in its growing I mean even even
wheats and rice or GMO now the problem
with genetically modified organisms are
so vast I don't have time to get into
know this we are creating organisms we
are creating genes the genes from the
plants that they genetically modified
for getting into our DNA so we're having
cross-contamination of gene transfer
it's called from plants to humans why is
that even a problem well look studies
all the way back from 2001 it's just a
brand-new release study in 2012 showed
that for one example BT corn is a corn
that's genetically modified to produce a
chemical and pesticide it was supposedly
so farmers didn't have to use as much
pesticide because it produces its own
well when we eat BT corn which is mostly
what we feed cattle which is in our meat
which is ends up in US and wheat BT corn
as wellit's and so many of the most
processed foods what happens is we eat
the corn the corn or ingesting not just
the corn but the information the genes
the micro RNA that carry the messages
we're eating that information you are
what you eat that information gets into
your DNA and the studies show that it
gets into this DNA of your good gut
bacteria that you need for a good
healthy GI system that crosses into that
and it's making you a chemical factory
it's making you a pesticide producer and
you wonder why you can't fix your gut
because eating genetically modified
grains is cross contaminating into your
DNA ok so there's multiple problems with
with grain besides gluten wheat its
wheat - oh yeah absolutely so you know
gluten is a problem but there's also
other denature proteins in other toxic
things that are ingrained that we
haven't adapted to as humans like
something called phytates
and phytates they act as toxins they act
as
you know they can even rob minerals from
us in lectin lectin is a toxin that
plants produce so they don't the animals
don't eat the seed you know so your body
if you have a leaky gut what I was just
explaining these anti-nutrients cross
over just like gluten does so grains are
important to eliminate until we fix this
inflammation I made that point earlier
all right
you had mentioned beta a1 protein okay
well there is something that is 23 times
more toxic than gluten and it is in fact
beta a1 protein where do we find it we
find that in a 99.9% of all dairy on the
market it is we've heard of casein right
why Kate no we aren't gluten in
casein-free diets
well this is why casein-free diets
actually help people down regulate their
symptoms it's because of the protein
it's called B C m7 it's a 7 acid amino
acid chain
it also leaks across your gut and drives
this inflammation worse than gluten
matter of fact 23 times more toxic and
gluten
it even has 23 times more the opiate
effect on the brain meaning it acts like
a drug to your brain and cross the
blood-brain barrier and now cause
emotional problems depression
psychological problems so beta 1 protein
is in 99% of dairy now wait a minute
am i telling everyone to not eat dairy
no I'm saying fine safe dairy there is a
company Paul that you know of and I and
I know of because I saw you at the
conference called beyond organic that
literally genetically bred back the cow
because this beta a1 protein is a trans
mutated gene it wasn't meant to be that
way and it's very toxic so they
genetically bred back the cow to contain
a beta a2 protein which does not have
that effect because I believe that in
these dairy products there are some
really essential fats probiotics fat
soluble vitamins minerals that are
really needed today in the in the
American diet conjugated linoleic gas
really important fat you can only get
from grass-fed dairy and you know what
it's too
the American diet but the problem is is
when people are eating dairy standard
dairy they're contained getting this
beta one protein which is driving
inflammation
it is well good for you
this is the brown-eyed help to realize
brighten up your life